Student Number : s3301214
Student Name : Sean Lee Jin Xiang
Tutor: Peter Tilmanis


I submitted this assignment by compressing the entire file of the project using WinZip. Four new java pages has been added to the Project
MazeView.java which is the view, MazeModel.java which is the model, MazeController.java which is the controller and MazeBuilder.java
which is where the main method for the maze builder is located.

Working functionality :-
	Add Room is working.
	Add Item is working.
	Remove Item is working.
	Add Exit Point is working.
	Remove Exit Point is working.
	
1. Hard coded the Maze Space to have a 12 x 7 grid.

2. Room has to be created/added in-order for an item or exit point to be created within the room.

3. If a room is created adjoining another room the exit points will be automatically created, to and from the selected room.

4. Only 4 exit points can be created for each Room north, south, east and west. If there is no room in the maze space and the 
   user wants to add an exit point to that maze space, a room will be created. If there is a room there only exit points will be 
   created.

5. Room and item names can be any number,string or character. It will only show an error if nothing is entered e.g null or whitespace.

6. Only one Start and Finish point can be entered in the maze. Error will show if user is trying to create two Start or Finish
   locations and if user decides to enter the Start and Finish point in the same room location. Users add start and finish
   points by double clicking a maze space and selecting the desired option.
   
7. The combo box that enables the user to select the Adding and Removal of Exit Points of a room is dynamic created.It will 
   only allow the user to remove exits that are in the room or adding exit points if there is no ExitPoint or  Room already 
   in the specified maze space.
   
8. If an Item is added to the room a Icon should appear on the grid. If the image can't be found a error will be displayed on 
   the command line. The image is located in the root folder of the Project named iconimage.jpg. Same folder as all the classes.
   
9. Tried to minimize user error that might break the program. I tried to break it with various test and am satisfied with the outcome,
   think there is no possibility of the user causing an error, but i might be wrong.

10. Tried my best to do the coding using the MVC style. Hope it's sufficient.
   
	Thank You.